リスニング　課題5回目　Science & Culture (Intercultural Communication Diary #5) (Homework)

1.First, read the following article:
https://andrewhennigan.blogspot.com/2012/01/culture-and-technology-how-cultural.html
After reading this article write in English a paragraph of about 150 words, on which you address the following two questions:
What is your opinion about the example(s) given in the article about how culture may affect practice of Engineering? What other examples can you find or give of culture affecting the way you do your job as an Engineer?

The article shows how culture influences engineering practice through the example of France's TGV high-speed rail network. French engineers adopted a "philosophical" approach and focused on building dedicated high-speed tracks. This approach resulted in efficient and innovative solutions. In contrast, American and British engineers prefer a "pragmatic" approach and value immediate functionality. This shows that cultural background has a significant impact on engineering solutions.
Another example is the emphasis on precision and quality in Japanese engineering. In Japan, attention to detail and high quality standards are emphasized, which contribute to maintaining high standards in manufacturing and technological development. For example, in the automotive industry, Toyota Production System (TPS) is famous and known for its efficiency and high quality. In contrast, in the United States, speed and cost-effectiveness are often prioritized, which affects the approach to product development.




2. The topic of the class that you received on  June 28th was Science & Culture. In this class, we discussed how sciences such as Mathematics, Chemistry, and Physics focus on studying objective reality. This is of course a very necessary mindset that you must develop in order to become a professional in these sciences. 
However, you also learned that seeing reality from an objective standpoint is not enough to really understand how human beings perceive reality. During the class, you discussed with your classmates a few examples of how human beings perceive objective reality as a subjective reality. You can find the discussion questions and videos you watched during class in the "In-Class Discussion Questions and Videos" guide that has been posted here in LETUS, in case you would like to watch it again.
The reason why we discussed this topic is because it is very relevant to the main objective of this "Listening & Speaking" course. This course is centered on developing your ability to communicate with other human beings. In this regard, since humans are subjective beings, maintaining an objective mindset can become an obstacle to improving your communication skills. This is especially true when you communicate in English with people from another culture. Having a different culture means having a different way to perceive reality.  As a result, there is a chance that a person from another culture might understand something completely different from what you are trying to say. That is why, if you want to learn to communicate with foreigners,  you have to be especially careful of how people from foreign cultures perceive reality.
In this sense,  teaching communication skills to students from the natural sciences and engineering is like "trying to swim against the current". On one end, you are being taught to concentrate on objective reality in order to become a good mathematician, chemist, physicist, engineer or bioengineer. But on the other hand, training you to become a good communicator means asking you to concentrate on the other person's subjective reality.
Thus, as homework, I would like to ask you to do a small reflection. In about 100 words,in English, please answer the following question:
When you communicate in English with foreigners, what sort of things do you think you should do in order to switch away from the objective reality mindset you have learned from the major you are studying at this University (Mathematics, Physics or Chemistry)?
6月28日に届いた授業のテーマは、「Science & Culture」でした。この授業では、数学、化学、物理などの科学が、いかに客観的な現実を研究することに重点を置いているかを議論しました。これはもちろん、これらの科学のプロフェッショナルになるために、非常に必要な考え方です。
しかし、人間が現実をどのように受け止めているのかを理解するためには、客観的な視点だけでは不十分であることも学びましたね。授業では、人間が客観的な現実を主観的な現実としてどのように認識しているのか、いくつかの例を挙げてクラスメートと議論しましたね。授業中に見たディスカッションの質問とビデオは、このLETUSに掲載されている「授業中のディスカッションの質問とビデオ」ガイドに掲載されていますので、もう一度ご覧になりたい方は、こちらをご覧ください。
なぜこのトピックを取り上げたかというと、この「Listening & Speaking」コースの主目的と非常に関係が深いからです。このコースは、他の人間とのコミュニケーション能力を高めることを中心にしています。この点、人間は主観的な存在であるため、客観的な考え方を維持することは、コミュニケーション能力を向上させる上で障害となり得ます。特に、異文化の人たちと英語でコミュニケーションをとる場合はそうです。文化が違うということは、現実の受け止め方が違うということです。 その結果、異文化の人があなたの言いたいことと全く違うことを理解する可能性があるのです。だから、外国人とのコミュニケーションを学ぶなら、異文化の人たちが現実をどう受け止めているかに特に気をつけなければならないのです。
その意味で、自然科学系の学生にコミュニケーションスキルを教えるのは、「流れに逆らって泳ごうとする」ようなものです。一方では、優れた数学者、化学者、物理学者、エンジニアやバイオエンジニアになるために、客観的な現実に集中するよう教えられています。しかし、一方では、良いコミュニケーターになるために、相手の主観的な現実に集中することを要求しているのです。
そこで、宿題として、ちょっとした振り返りをお願いしたいと思います。100字程度で、英語で、次の質問に答えてください：
外国人と英語でコミュニケーションをとるとき、この大学で学んでいる専攻（数学、物理学、化学）で学んだ客観的現実の考え方から切り替えるために、どのようなことをすればいいと思いますか？

It is important not to just listen to what the other person says, but to try to understand the feelings and cultural background behind it. In the field of science, the emphasis is on objective truth, but communication also needs to take into account subjective experiences and feelings. Rather than forcing your own opinion on others, respect the other person's perspective and try to explain it in simple, easy-to-understand terms. You can communicate effectively with people from different backgrounds without using technical terms or complex concepts. It is also important to minimize gaps in understanding by observing the other person's reactions and asking for appropriate feedback. By being aware of these points, you can communicate more effectively with people from different cultures and deepen mutual understanding.

